Who owned English?
One English is spoken by about 400 million people.
Mostly in the US, the UK, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and South Africa.
In Ghana, India and Singapore, English is used as a working language, for example between
bosses and secretaries and between doctors and patients.
Although there are other languages for everyday use.
In China and many other countries, English is the most important foreign language that
children learn at school.
Because when they grow up, it will be quite possible for them to meet people from other
countries.
They will need a common language to communicate with each other.
It is now used by nearly a quarter of the world's population.
And anywhere you go in the world, there is a good chance that you will meet someone who
speaks English.
Two.
The reason why English is spoken everywhere is that in the 19th century, English became
the language of world trade.
And in the 20th century, the US spread English to the world through newspapers, television
and films.
It is now the common language for international travel, science, industry and recently information
technology and the internet.
Three.
It is also important to know that English has borrowed many words from other languages.
For example, restaurant from French, zero from Arabic, piano from Italian and tofu from
Chinese.
Four.
Will the importance of English last?
As China continues to grow, many people think that Chinese will become as common as English
by the middle of the 21st century.
More and more schools in Europe are teaching Chinese as a foreign language, together with
some European languages.
However, most people still think that English will be used most around the world, at least
for the next 20 or 30 years.
Five.
So who owns English?
The answer is everyone who speaks it.
The British, the Indians and the Chinese all help make it a rich language.
Even though we speak different types of English, we are all part of an international club.
We all own English.